Uncommon Hacks is at the [*Polsky Exchange North - 2nd Floor, 1452 E
53rd St, Chicago, IL
60615*](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Polsky+Exchange+North/). We’re
in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago.

**By Public Transit**

**CTA:** You can also use [*Google
Maps*](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Polsky+Exchange+North/) to find
the best way to reach the Polsky Center locations via the CTA from your
location. The 55 bus (from Midway and Red/Green lines) and 6 bus (from
downtown) go within a few blocks of the Polsky Exchange, and the Red and
Green lines are a short bus transfer away.

**Metra:** The Polsky Exchange is located very near the 51st/53rd Street
stop of the Metra Electric line, a &lt;15 minute ride from Millennium
Station downtown. Use [*Booth
Scoot*](http://www.boothscoot.com/#/millennium-station/51st-53rd-chicago-innovation-exchange)
or the [*Metra
website*](http://metrarail.com/content/metra/en/home/maps_schedules/metra_system_map/me/map.html)
for schedule and fare information.

**By Car**

**Driving Directions:** The Polsky Exchange is just west of Lake Shore
Drive on 53rd Street. Use [*Google
Maps*](https://maps.google.com/?daddr=1452+E+53rd+St,+Chicago,+IL+60615)
to plan your route.

**Parking:** Metered and neighborhood street parking are available
nearby. For meter parking, we recommend using ParkChicago to pay for
parking with your phone, allowing you to extend your time without having
to leave the Polsky Exchange. There is also some free neighborhood
parking along the streets of Hyde Park, but be sure to be aware of
parking signs and conditions that will elicit parking fines and
violations. The closest paid parking garage is located on Lake Park Ave.
north of 53rd Street, just south of the McDonalds. Another paid parking
surface lot is located just north of the Harper Theater on Harper Ave.

**By Flight**

**Midway (MDW)** is approximately 30 minutes by car or 1 hour by bus
from the Polsky Exchange. Taxis depart from the baggage claim level, and
Uber/Lyft (around \$25) depart from the departures level (follow signs
for “Rideshare”). Bus route 55 is the easiest route. Follow signs to
“CTA” from the terminal, fare is \$2.25 exact change. See [*Google
Maps*](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Polsky+Exchange+North/) for
detailed directions.

**O’Hare (ORD)** is a bit farther, around 30-45 minutes via car
depending on traffic, or 1 hour 20 minutes via public transit. The
easiest public transit route is to take the Blue Line to Jackson
downtown, then transfer to the 6 bus to Hyde Park. See [*Google
Maps*](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Polsky+Exchange+North/) for
detailed directions.

**By Megabus**

[*Megabus*](http://megabus.com/) has many buses that route to Chicago
and then you can take public transit or an Uber from the drop off
location to get to the Polsky Exchange. Use
[*Rome2rio*](https://www.rome2rio.com/) or [*Google
Maps*](https://maps.google.com/?daddr=1452+E+53rd+St,+Chicago,+IL+60615)
to plan your route.